Document hotplug network interfaces using live migration (#664)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/operations/hotplug_interfaces.md

kubectl get vmi vmi-fedora -ojsonpath="{ @.status.interfaces }"
```

### Migration based hotplug

> In case your cluster doesn't meet the [requirements](#requirements), it's possible to hotplug an interface by migrating the VM.

Reviewer: The requirements include "Enabling network interface hotplug support", migration-based hotplug requires the feature gate, please add the explicit requirements that are not needed for migration-based hot-plug.

Author: Done

The actual attachment won't take place immediately, and the new interface will be available in the guest once the migration is completed.

> #### Add new interface:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Hotplugging an interface
```

Reviewer 2: 1. Could you please change the heading to `###`?
2. nit: Could you please remove the colon `:`?

```bash
virtctl addinterface vmi-fedora --network-attachment-definition-name new-fancy-net --name dyniface1
```
At this point the new interface is added to the spec but will not be attached to the running VM. 

> #### [Migrate the VM:](./live_migration.md#initiate-live-migration)

Reviewer 2: Please consider adding a sentence like "For more details, please see live migration" with a link, instead of using the heading as a link.

Author: I added reference to the migration docs.

Regarding the title I prefer to leave it imperative with a snippet for the migration command to make the flow clear (and not make the reader jump to other pages).

kubectl get vmi vmi-fedora -ojsonpath="{ @.status.interfaces }"
```

> ### Migration based hotplug

Reviewer 2: Please consider reducing one `#` on each newly added heading.
```suggestion
## Migration based hotplug
```

Reviewer 3: I actually think this makes sense.

Author: Done

> In case your cluster doesn't meet the requirements, it's possible to hotplug an interface by migrating the VM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case your cluster doesn't use the Multus version as specified above, it's possible to hotplug an interface by migrating the VM.
```

Reviewer 3: It's not only the multus version: if you have the correct multus version, but didn't deploy the dynamic networks controller, it still won't work.

Thus, I think the original suggestion was preferable - while a bit vague, it is specific enough to be correct.

> The actual attachment wont take place immediately, the new interface will be ready once the migration is completed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The actual attachment won't take place immediately, and the new interface will be available in the guest once the migration is completed.
```

I think we should be a bit more specific above, thus I've rephrased a bit the second premise.

Author: Done

#### Add new interface:
```bash
virtctl addinterface vmi-fedora --network-attachment-definition-name new-fancy-net --name dyniface1
```

> At this point the new interface is added to the spec but isn't attached to the VM. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At this point the new interface is added to the spec but will not be attached to the running VM. 
```

Author: Done

> #### Migrate the VM:

Reviewer 3: Would it make sense to link to the migration docs instead ? You're repeating a documented process.

Author: I think that having all the commands right in front of you makes it easier to understand the flow (instead of jumping to another page).
How about keeping the migration-with-virtctl and add a link to the title?
If you think its also redundant I will remove it all (and keep the link only)

Reviewer 3: Your call. I don't mind either way.

```bash
cat <<EOF kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: kubevirt.io/v1
kind: VirtualMachineInstanceMigration
metadata:
  name: migrate-vmi-fedora
spec:
  vmiName: vmi-fedora
EOF
```
Or using `virtctl`:
```bash
virtctl migrate vmi-fedora

> ```

Reviewer 2: nit: Please consider using this method first.
I personally find it simpler.

Author: I removed the manifest method and added a link to the full live migration doc.

**NOTE**: the user can execute this command against a stopped VM - i.e. a VM
without an associated VMI. When this happens, KubeVirt mutates the VM spec
template on behalf of the user.

> 

Reviewer 2: Why was this line removed?

Author: My bad, fixed.
